Rewrite primitives exercise (#55)
component-driven/component-driven-development: src/exercises/2-Design_Tokens/Readme.md

## 2.1. Defining design tokens

> UI Inventory is the process that is used to split the existing UI into smaller chunks. Many stop performing UI inventory on components but there is more to it. By analyzing the UI we can see even smaller patterns of colors, font styles, borders, etc. being used. We call those patterns _design tokens_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI Inventory is the process of splitting the existing UI into smaller chunks. Many people only do UI inventory until the component level but there is more to it. By analyzing the UI we can see even smaller patterns of colors, font styles, borders, etc. being used. We call those patterns _design tokens_.
```

<Typography theme={theme} />;
```

## 2.2. Accessing design tokens from components

> styled-components makes it simple to use design tokens, thanks to [ThemeProvider](https://github.com/component-driven/component-driven-development/blob/master/src/ThemeProvider.js) and React Context. You can access them in your component like this:

Reviewer: 😢

Author: ? You feel attached to previous version? I can change it back.

Reviewer: I'm not attached to it, but telling people what should be simple for them isn't great. For some it still may not be simple, even if it's simpler than some other methods.

Author: Ah I see what you're saying. I agree to that. Going to change back.
